hey guys today back with your girl faith
and today's video is going to be a st.
Patrick's Day video and it is going to
be three different DIY treats that you
can do if you're having if you practice
a party or your birthday's on the same
practice saying you need some treats for
it but yeah so long time no see I'm
really sorry about that I've been just
really busy um yesterday I did film vlog
though yeah so anyway let's just get
into the video so for this green popcorn
DIY you will need some popcorn freshly
popped or bag despise next you also need
a bowl some food coloring and a spoon
some marshmallows and butter I'm using
it I can't believe it's not butter now
you want to start off by scooping out
some of the butter for your steak or the
container and then you want to pour in
some of your marshmallows I recommend 12
to 13 marshmallows to start off
now you want to heat it up on 45 seconds
to start off with in your microwave now
you want to take it out of the stir it
may look nasty now but in the end it
will be very good and nice and creamy
but yeah
while so you also can keep adding
marshmallows according to how you you
want it to look and keep putting in the
record and checking it again and
stirring it to see if it's the
consistency you want it to be now when
you have it all nice and creamy like how
mine looks right now you want to stir it
to get it off the sides and stuff and
then we're gonna add in at least two to
three drops of our green food coloring
depending on how dark you want it
time to face the music
now there's two ways to do this step you
can take you can do it I'm doing which
is just taking the popcorn that I'm
using and putting it in the bowl and
stirring it in with our green mixture or
you can take the popcorn and put it in a
different Bowl and pour our cream
mixture over it either way it works
really good and this is just so
delicious you guys for our next year why
you need some Oreos any amount next
you'll need a spoon some green food
coloring a bowl and some green frosting
or whatever color frosting you have
now for the people who did not have
green frosting like me I'm just taking
my colored frosting and putting it into
a bowl and then I'm gonna add in my
green food coloring to color it to green
so yeah but if you do have green
frosting then you can still do this step
but just don't add the green food
coloring just put the frosting in a bowl
now you want to put this in the
microwave for 45 or 30 seconds after
this you should just have your green
frosting then you want to take your Oreo
and just drizzle the frosting over half
of the Oreo and you're good it's pretty
self-explanatory
the video I love it yeah I really
enjoyed something for you guys and yeah
I talk with my hands does anyone notice
that I'd like oh hey guys bye guys I
talk with my hands so yeah but anyway um
yeah so I hope you guys all enjoyed this
video and I will see you guys next time
eeny meeny miny moe catch a tiger by
Ocho if your no letters up any meenie
miney moe